[Doc] Update CPU doc (#20676)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/getting_started/installation/cpu/build.inc.md

Reviewer: Just to double check, is anything in here x86 specific? This file is used by all the `cpux.inc.md` files

Reviewer: Thanks for updating that list. Sorry for the confusion but I was referring to the contents of `build.inc.md` is that all device agnostic?

Author: Right I think it is device-agnostic

VLLM_TARGET_DEVICE=cpu python setup.py develop
```

!!! note

> If build vLLM from source without using the pre-built images, remember to set `LD_PRELOAD="/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libtcmalloc_minimal.so.4:$LD_PRELOAD"` before running vLLM to ensure TCMalloc is used for memory allocation.

Reviewer: Also is the TCMalloc reason no longer true?

```suggestion
    If you are building vLLM from source, remember to set `LD_PRELOAD="/usr/lib/x86_64-linux-gnu/libtcmalloc_minimal.so.4:$LD_PRELOAD"` on x86 machines before running vLLM.
```
